# ICC-2023

## About Indian Case Challenge (ICC)
The Indian Case Challenge, organized by the Vinod Gupta School of Management (VGSoM) at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kharagpur, is one of the most prestigious and sought-after competitions for business management students in India. The challenge provides a unique platform for emerging business leaders and future decision-makers to showcase their analytical skills, strategic thinking, and decision-making prowess in real-life scenarios.

The competition encompasses multiple rounds of analysis, judgment, and problem-solving. Each participating team has to go through a rigorous screening process by solving a preliminary case, to secure their spot among the top contenders. The best teams from the preliminary round are shortlisted for the final round, where they battle it out by presenting their solutions to a panel of eminent industry experts, academicians, and corporate professionals.

## Preliminary Round - The Semiconductor Conundrum 
The semiconductor business is critical in today's world, powering a vast range of products and technologies that have become a part of our everyday lives. New technologies and products are often launched in the highly competitive and fast-paced semiconductor business. The shortage of chips produced by the semiconductor sector is hurting businesses all around the world. Demand growth, supply chain snags, and production limits, all contribute to the gap between supply and demand.
The semiconductor shortage played out as a domino effect for many industries that were already facing the brunt of COVID-19 and geopolitical rifts. The crisis cost the global automobile sector over $210 billion and resulted in a staggering loss of approximately $6 billion for Apple. Even Sony's flagship product, the PS5, experienced supply problems contributing to a shocking $20 billion drop in Sony’s market value.
The previous graph shows how the annual price change of semiconductors increased for the first time in the past 25 years. Until 2022, every year had seen a significant YoY drop in semiconductor prices.
COVID-19 disrupted the operations of every industry worldwide, with the semiconductor industry no different. The crisis impacted almost all supply chains dependent on China, including the semiconductor industry. After the lockdowns were lifted, the problem continued and even intensified due to Taiwan (one of the world’s leading exporters of semiconductors) being trapped in the US-China trade war.
The recent blocking of the Suez Canal exacerbated the unravelling of the fragile supply chain, and the supply of chips was further delayed. The fact that shortages of a single nanometer-wide component impacted such a diverse range of industries worldwide showcases the importance of semiconductors and ensuring their consistent supply.
Recent reports indicate that India could become a major chip manufacturer. The country's extensive and qualified workforce, burgeoning IT industry, and favourable business environment may attract semiconductor manufacturers. China, Taiwan, and South Korea, who already have established semiconductor firms, may compete with India's semiconductor industry. Despite this fierce competition, the Indian government has supported the semiconductor industry's expansion.
Will India be able to excel in such a highly competitive market?

## Final Round - The Telecom Industry
Reliance Communications was once a significant player in the telecommunications industry. However, in the years that followed; ballooning debt, telecom rate fights, unsuccessful attempts at raising capital and a failed merger with Aircel, led to its downfall. By 2019, the company owed INR 460 billion to over 38 Indian lenders. However, in a surprise move, the debt-ridden company controversially sold its fiber assets spread over 1.78 lakh route kilometres and its 43,540 mobile towers to Reliance Jio for a ridiculously cheap price of INR 3.72 billion. Who should repay the debt is still the subject of a bitter legal dispute between these two businesses. Whether this was a smart business decision from the Ambani brothers or a major loophole in the regulations is still up for debate. However, what isn't up for debate is that Jio, despite having only 6 years of experience in the field, acquired a whopping 35% market share and completely changed the face of the Indian telecom industry.
While the other carriers struggled to compete with Jio, Airtel impressively managed to hold its own market share. Through a combination of aggressive marketing strategies and novel services, Airtel managed to retain a significant portion of the market and currently stands almost solely in the way of Jio monopolizing the industry. With the widespread adoption of smartphones in India and recent developments such as the advent of 5G with its endless use cases, Airtel faces both a challenge but also a potential opportunity for it to innovate and strategize in order to lead the telecom industry in India.
